So you married me to deal with the family
Why did Mr. Fu choose me?
The woman chasing after you
As long as you speak
I'm sure they'd love to.
Choose your reason
It's not convenient for me to say
Since Mr. Fu is inconvenient to say
Then I'll listen to you.
The reason why you chose me
It's because I was divorced
In your eyes
The woman who lost her first marriage
It's easier to agree to your request, right?
Miss Xia, you are very smart.
But this time you're wrong.
I'll tell you
If you have to be in this world
Choose someone to marry
Then I will definitely choose someone like Miss Xia
Because of the fake marriage with you
I will not be disgusted.
Is Mr. Fu really a straight man of steel?
I see you are very good at flirting
Then marry Mr. Fu
What's in it for me?
You give up your shares for 200 million
Fengcheng is already known to everyone
Give you money
The man who has bad intentions towards you
As many as you want
If you marry me
I can not only be your shield
I can protect you.
After all
I'm not going to give you that $200 million.
Again, Mr. Fu
Stop talking
Let's get married, then.